(1)

Writing Clean Code

STYLE GUIDES: The What, the Why, and the How
You have now been writing code for a couple of weeks. It's important to introduce some standardization around 
how you write that code. We have included a style guide that we expect you to follow and use during the entire duration of your course.

Access the style guide here Download here.
[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).




Let’s explore our JavaScript style guide now. 

Why is a style guide important for a team? 
A style guide can help you:

Standardize code across teams
Read others’ code quickly
Avoid syntax bugs
Avoid merge conflicts in GitHub when collaborating
Make fewer decisions while you are writing code: focus more on logic and less on syntax
Make your code more predictable and therefore easier to read and write
What is the best way to know the difference between good code and bad code?
The best way to know whether code is good or bad is a combination of your own experience writing code and seeing 
lots of examples of good code. When you write, you must adhere to strict styling standards in order to gain the muscle 
memory needed to continue these good habits. When looking at code, be sure to find examples that are well-written and clean. 
When you are just starting you may not know what that is, but rest assured that the examples of code in this course are clean, 
good examples, and you can start developing your own internal sense of what is good or bad.

You’ll notice that as time goes on, you’ll see code that “smells” or doesn’t feel quite right. While it usually doesn’t come 
down to a single thing, it often is a combination of inconsistently applied rules and conventions. 

Some additional rules for good, clean, JavaScript code are illustrated here Links to an external site.and here.Links to an external site.

Look over these articles. After you’re done, answer the question below:

What is that something small that you can start doing now, without any additional resources or anyone’s permission, to clean up your own code? 

 

Submission Instructions:

 

Word count: 50-100
You are encouraged to reply to your fellow learners to continue the conversation. What other "small things" did others come up with that 
you will also adopt? Let them know!
